# Buxfer Python API Client

-----------  Attention! --------------  

THIS IS NOT AN OFFICIAL BUXFER.COM API

----------- Attention! -------------- 

### How this repo was created
1. Created the "Buxfer API.yaml" file using the [Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/) based on the  [Buxfer API documentation](https://www.buxfer.com/help/api)
2. Generated python client library using the Swagger Editor
3. Created the "Buxfer_API_usage_example.py" file based on the auto-generated example, and modified it to work a bit better.


Notes:
1. Only some of the calls are implemented.
2. The Buxfer official documentation is lacking and outdated, so the implemtation is not identical to the actual responses received in the API calls.
	

### Auto Generated Notes

This Python package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.python.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements

Python 2.7 and 3.4+.
Additional requirements in the requirements.txt document.

## Installation & Usage

### pip install

If the python package is hosted on Github, you can install directly from Github

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/robbiegal/Buxfer-Python-API-Client.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/robbiegal/Buxfer-Python-API-Client.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client 
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then:

1. change the data in "personal data.py" to your personal information there:
	```
	buxfer_username = "username"
	buxfer_password = "password"
	```

2. run Buxfer_API_usage_example.py.


## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://www.buxfer.com/api/*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*GetDataApi* | [**accounts_get**](docs/GetDataApi.md#accounts_get) | **GET** /accounts | Get Accounts information
*GetDataApi* | [**budgets_get**](docs/GetDataApi.md#budgets_get) | **GET** /budgets | Get Budgets information
*GetDataApi* | [**contacts_get**](docs/GetDataApi.md#contacts_get) | **GET** /contacts | Get Contacts information
*GetDataApi* | [**groups_get**](docs/GetDataApi.md#groups_get) | **GET** /groups | Get Groups information
*GetDataApi* | [**loans_get**](docs/GetDataApi.md#loans_get) | **GET** /loans | Get Loans information
*GetDataApi* | [**reminders_get**](docs/GetDataApi.md#reminders_get) | **GET** /reminders | Get Reminders information
*GetDataApi* | [**tags_get**](docs/GetDataApi.md#tags_get) | **GET** /tags | Get Tags information
*LoginApi* | [**login_post**](docs/LoginApi.md#login_post) | **POST** /login | Login to website.

## Documentation For Models

 - [AccountData](docs/AccountData.md)
 - [Accounts](docs/Accounts.md)
 - [BudgetData](docs/BudgetData.md)
 - [Budgets](docs/Budgets.md)
 - [Contacts](docs/Contacts.md)
 - [GroupData](docs/GroupData.md)
 - [Groups](docs/Groups.md)
 - [LoanData](docs/LoanData.md)
 - [Loans](docs/Loans.md)
 - [LoginData](docs/LoginData.md)
 - [LoginResponse](docs/LoginResponse.md)
 - [MemberData](docs/MemberData.md)
 - [ReminderData](docs/ReminderData.md)
 - [Reminders](docs/Reminders.md)
 - [RequestToken](docs/RequestToken.md)
 - [RequestToken2](docs/RequestToken2.md)
 - [TagData](docs/TagData.md)
 - [Tags](docs/Tags.md)

## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author

robbiegal@gmail.com
